MCLOUD-6708: Add notice that only Production mode is supported on cloud (#7728)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/requirements/cloud-requirements.md

## Magento configurations {#cloud-req-test}

> Magento Commerce Cloud supports Magento which runs only in [Production mode]({{ page.baseurl }}/config-guide/bootstrap/magento-modes.html#production-mode). This mode set by default during the deployment, you should not configure it separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ site.data.var.ece }} deploys Magento in [production mode]({{ page.baseurl }}/config-guide/bootstrap/magento-modes.html#production-mode) by default. Do not configure the Magento mode separately using the Magento CLI.
```
